Previously on Banshee...
We could do a bank,
do diamonds.
Do you have any idea what it
takes to crack a truck like that?
No, none at all.
That's why you're here.
You're still the same reckless
thrill junkie you were 15 years ago.
You're not so different.
I'm not out there risking
everything for the thrill.
I wasn't the one
driving the getaway car.
Here to savor the moment.
Enjoy it, Mr. Mayor.
Because a moment is
all you'll get.
You have no right to bring her
in here.
Mom, I'm not in trouble.
If you want to see or speak to
my daughter, you ask me first.
- I want him.
- I can't do that..
If you could, you would be free.
They don't like to see
a black man with a badge.
Hey, it's okay, guys.
His wife is white.
I'm ready...
to bring him to you.
She will bring him.
I'm ready
to bring him to you.
Finally.
♪ Banshee 1x07 ♪
Behold a Pale Rider
Original Air Date on February 22, 2013
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Mr. Proctor.
Hello, Kai.
Hold the work.
Clear the room.
I'll call
you guys later.
Would you excuse us, Burton?
Last time you spoke to me,
we were pulling yams
in your father's field.
You barely even had
that beard yet.
I've come to talk to you
about Rebecca.
How is your daughter?
There's no need to pretend.
I know that she
talks to you.
She defies every other rule,
so why not that one?
I wouldn't have come
if I didn't think--
she is my daughter
and I love her.
But she is getting lost.
What happened to you
has saddened me.
I don't want
to lose her.
I understand.
She trusts you.
And because of that,
maybe she would
listen to you.
Maybe she would.
Good.
I still pray for you, Kai.
And they were carrots,
not yams.
Don't you got
to get going?
Mmm.
I don't think a few kids
in Saturday detention
will be too crushed
if I'm a little late.
- Hey.
- What's wrong?
Nothing.
I'm just distracted.
You've been distracted
for the last year, Dan.
Yeah, well, there's a lot
going on at work.
Well, what about
what's going on here?
Or not going on,
actually.
Well, I'm just
a little bit stressed out.
Okay.
I've got to go to work.
Four casino guards,
two drivers,
and another in the back.
I've studied the photos
and the schematics.
And it's like I said, we ain't getting
into that truck once it's closed.
Well, we can't take 'em
in that loading bay,
if that's what
you're thinking.
We'd be dead
inside a minute.
You got a better idea?
Yeah, anything but that.
Can we please set you up with a
computer and Quicken or some shit?
Looking at you is like
watching the History Channel.
You of all people
should know
that computers
are not secure.
Yeah, there's a million
hackers in China
just dying to get their
hands on your financials.
These aren't rent-a-cops.
This is Longshadow's
hand-vetted security team.
- They'll die for him.
- Well, what then?
We need a friend
in the truck.
Lord, I was afraid
you were gonna say that.
Hood.
I'll be there.
Oh, for fuck's sake,
I know it was her.
I can hear your heart
beating from here.
She says she has
a fence for the stones.
Just like that?
Fucking spectacular.
After 15 years she just
suddenly found someone.
That's what she said, Job.
There is no fence, man.
You know it.
Maybe not.
Then why are you going?
- Because it's her.
- She is not her anymore.
And whoever she is,
she's gonna get you killed.
We'll see.
There is pussy-whipped
and then there is that
hopeless motherfucker.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Hey.
Just like old times.
Don't get too attached. This
is just unfinished business.
We got no shortage
of that, right?
Where'd you find
these guys?
I started putting out feelers
when you came to town.
A guy in Jersey
came through.
You trust him?
If I trusted him, you
wouldn't be coming along.
God, you were always
better at this than me.
Fuck!
I'm sorry.
- Ana, what are you doing?
- What I have to do.
Oh, fuck.
I'm sorry.
Fuck.
Well, honey, is there
a particular brand you want?
Well, how about whichever
one gives us a yes, huh?
All right, baby. Bye.
Fuck my shit.
- Don't fucking move!
- Okay. Just calm down.
Shut the fuck up, cop!
Keep your hands up,
motherfucker.
No! Jesus!
Lance, was that
fucking necessary?
- He reached for something.
- Please, let me help him.
Get on your fucking knees.
Get on your
fucking knees!
Please, no.
- Fuck me.
- Finish him!
Finish him!
Let's go!
Fuck me.
The Lord is my shepherd,
I shall not be in want.
Though I walk through the
valley of the shadow of death,
I shall fear no evil,
for Thou art with me.
Surely goodness, mercy, and love will
follow me all the days of my life
and I will dwell in the house
of the Lord forever.
Alma, I've got a robbery
in progress.
Shots fired and a civilian
down in the drugstore.
Stop! Hey!
Step away from that car!
You should've finished him
in the store, you pussy.
It was a highly charged
situation.
And what do you call this?
Killing a cop
has ramifications.
Jesus! Fuck!
Sir, are you all right?
Okay, look, stay here.
I'll call an ambulance.
Alma, they're on foot heading towards
the Oak Street parking garage.
Brock, they just
crossed Oak Street.
Repeat, they just
crossed Oak.
That fucker
is still coming.
Suspects heading towards
Banshee High School gymnasium.
I said stop!
- No!
- Come here!
No! No!
Let her go now!
Ow, fuck!
No!
Do you have any idea
what kind of shitshow
you just started?
One of these days we're gonna find
you a functioning set of balls.
Oh, great.
Good old BHS.
Shit, more cops.
Help him up!
They ain't gonna come in.
Not when we have us
a hostage.
Mrs. Kendall?
- What the fuck is this?
- It's detention.
Get down here now!
Get down from there!
Get up! Move your ass!
Get over here!
Now!
Well, this is new.
I must have gotten
the dosage wrong.
You shouldn't have
woken up yet.
You called him?
I gave you every chance to leave.
I begged you.
I didn't want to leave.
I would tell you to think
about what you're doing,
but I'm guessing
you already have.
I'm protecting my family.
You really think
he won't come after you?
That's the deal.
He's gonna torture me
to find you.
And you're not
gonna tell him.
I'm gonna sing
my fucking lungs out.
- Good-bye.
- Hey.
I'll catch up to you.
Anything else?
Yeah, one of them
is named Lance.
This place was like
church to me.
We were 1983 state champs.
I started at point guard.
You know how many points I
averaged a game, Future Horse?
20 points.
Nice.
Goddamn nice.
Get down.
Any movement in the front?
No, all the doors are
chained up except this one.
- Okay, that'll help us.
- Let me see this.
Fuck.
All the doors
are padlocked shut.
There's no fucking
way out of here.
- Lance, can we focus?
- Can you get off my dick?
We've got to get the fuck
out of here.
Oh, I forgot.
You hate this place, don't you?
- Hey, look what she's got.
- Hey, hey, hey!
What, are you filming us?
Feisty, huh?
Leave her alone.
They're just kids.
But you're not,
are you?
- You called Hood, right?
- Hood's off today.
He's out of town
on personal business.
- Brock, he's the sheriff.
- All right, fine.
Alma, get me the sheriff.
I've been trying him.
No answer.
Why am I not surprised?
I just say we go in.
No, we wait.
They've already killed one person.
We're not rushing in.
All right, listen,
keep me here,
but let the students go.
Get all their
fucking phones.
Give me your phones. Let's go.
Give me your phones!
Siobhan, do another
perimeter check, all right?
Check every window.
Any movement in any room,
you radio in, all right?
She all right?
She's still coming around.
Oh, shit.
Hey!
How we doing?
They got fucking TV cameras
set up out there.
This shit's getting
out of control.
Time to talk.
Talk to who?
You're on this, huh?
I got the call from Harrisburg.
I was the closest man.
I'm working at scrambling
a SWAT team from Philly.
- All right.
- Where's Hood?
He's out of town
on personal business.
We're trying to reach him,
but I can handle this.
- Brock.
- Go for Lotus.
I've got Janie Kendall,
the mayor's wife, on the line.
- She's with the gunmen.
- Put her through.
Janie, this is Brock Lotus.
You okay?
Janie?
Tell him it's simple.
He says to tell you
it's simple.
We want a car
and an easy way out.
They want a car
with a way out.
We want it within an hour.
They want it
within an hour.
Or bad things
will happen in here.
Or bad things will happen.
Janie, is everyone
all right in there?
Just tell him
to get the fucking car.
Who's with you?
Get the fucking car.
A gangster named Kassin
killed my father.
I heard soon after
that he'd left Ukraine
and gone to Kunda.
I went there,
but I couldn't find him.
Then a few years later,
I was in Yalta on business.
I turned the corner
and there was Kassin
carrying a bottle of wine.
We saw each other
at the same moment.
It was like two old friends
running into each other.
I gutted him like a fish
right there in the street.
That night I drank
his wine with my dinner.
We break from
the regular program
and go live to Banshee,
Pennsylvania.
Fuck!
We're here outside
Banshee High School
in Banshee, Pennsylvania.
So far what we have to report
is that a pair of armed gunmen
have taken hostages here
in the school's gymnasium
after fleeing a robbery
gone wrong.
We know at least one person
has been killed at this time.
One hostage posted a video
on her Facebook page
and we have that footage.
The police confirm
that they have been in contact
with the gunmen, but are
releasing no information
regarding the identity
of the men...
We are close, no?
Just 15 miles.
These are all the Lances
that Alma could find in our system.
Lance McManus,
Lance Hershler,
- Lance Mangan.
- Him. Mangan.
Jesus, I remember him.
He was a point guard
back in the day.
- A golden boy.
- Yeah, not anymore.
He shot that cashier
like it was target practice.
Brock!
- What's going on?
- All right, listen, listen.
I talked to Janie.
She's okay.
All right?
Gordon, hey.
Deva's inside.
She had detention.
- We know.
- Where's the sheriff?
What do we know?
What steps are you taking, Brock?
Gordon, come on.
Dan, please.
Just stay back.
Stay back behind the barrier.
For your own safety,
all right?
Come on, Carrie,
pick up.
What?
Wait, what?
What the fuck
are you doing?
Are you fucking with her?
- No.
- Yes, you are. You're fucking with her.
Instead of trying
to get us out of here,
you're acting
like a fucking asshole.
Fuck you.
Why'd you have to shoot
that goddamn cashier?
He was reaching
for something.
I said I was sorry.
Yeah, well, are you sorry
for all of this shit, huh?
Because that's on you, too.
You know, you don't fucking
think shit through.
Can we focus here?
The police confirm
that they have been in contact
with the gunmen, but are
releasing no information
regarding the identity
of the men
or the nature
of the contact.
Don't worry.
Fuck.
Oh, fucking spectacular.
How did you find me?
I have a tracker
on your phone.
Come on!
Car?
- No!
- Enough of this bullshit, man.
We've got to get
the fuck out of here.
Get the fuck
out of my way.
- Please.
- You don't need to look at this.
You don't need-- fuck!
Just don't fuck with me.
Don't look.
Please.
No, please.
Please don't.
They'll give you what you want.
- I know they will.
- So will you.
You bastard!
Bastard!
Don't. Don't!
- Yeah?
- Car's here for you now.
I'll call you back.
Come on.
We'll pick this up later.
Hey, hey. I've been trying--
hey, hey, hey!
- Listen to me. Listen to me.
- Deva's in there?
They're doing
everything they can.
- Yeah?
- Listen up.
No, you listen.
You're Lance Mangan.
I remember you.
Who the fuck are you?
Brock Lotus. I was a year
behind you in school.
Yeah, well, I don't
remember you.
Well, I remember
you were all-state.
You started at point guard.
You called smart plays.
See if you can call
a smart play now.
All right?
Your car is here.
You want it moved
up there by the door,
I'm gonna need
something from you.
Let's get the kids
out of there.
I'll send out
four kids.
Then you move the car
to the door.
All right,
it's a deal.
You four in the front,
you're leaving.
One, two, three, four.
Get up.
- Nathan, bring them to the door.
- Let's go. Come on, move.
I said four.
Future Horse stays right here.
She's coming with me.
I'm not leaving without her.
It's okay, Beaty, go.
Ah!
- What the fuck?
- Run! Run!
Get back here!
Get back down!
- Watch them!
- Sit down!
- No! No!
- Wait a minute, teacher.
Brock, can you please
give us an update?
I'd like one, too.
What's going on?
You going in?
No. I just negotiated the release
of four of the kids.
Great.
Where are they?
Um...
Hood, these men
are willing to kill.
You go in there
guns blazing,
you're gonna have a handful
of dead children.
Who said anything
about guns blazing?
You can't walk
in there-- ah!
Don't touch me.
We follow
him in, right?
I'm not following him anywhere.
He's insane.
We stay to protocol.
We wait out here.
What the fuck?
I'm unarmed.
Don't fucking move.
I came in here to help
you work this out.
Fuck you.
You're in some
deep shit here, man.
Lance, get back here!
Where's Lance?
Huh?
Future Horse.
You're not gonna
walk out of this.
They won't let you go.
They have to.
We have hostages.
That doesn't matter anymore.
That's gone.
You killed a man.
I didn't kill anyone!
- It was fucking Lance.
- I believe you.
Lance killed him.
What's your name?
You don't need to know
my fucking name.
- It's Nathan.
- Shut the fuck up!
- Hey, hey, hey, Nathan.
- Back the fuck up.
- I can help you.
- Lance!
Get the fuck back here!
Back up!
Lance can't help you.
I can.
Oh, my God!
Come on!
Hey!
Don't fucking move.
I will fucking kill you.
- I don't think so.
- Yes, I will.
- No, not you.
- Not you, man.
- I will fucking kill you.
You're no killer, Nathan.
Yes, I am.
- It's Lance.
- No.
Lance--
he's the killer.
No, I am a fucking killer.
Shots fired.
We're going in.
All of you up.
Out, now.
- Hold your fire!
- It's the students.
- Get clear!
- Stay down. Come on. Come on.
- Where's Deva?
- I don't know.
- Where's my daughter?
- She's inside.
Go forward!
Jamie.
It's okay.
Let's-- let's go home, okay?
Get up, Future Horse.
Nathan, I got 'em.
Nathan.
Oh, no, no, no.
No!
Oh, fuck.
Let her go, Lance.
- Drop your fucking gun.
- Not gonna happen.
Stand down, Sheriff.
- I'll fucking kill her!
- Let the girl go.
I'll fucking blow
her head off!
- Drop that fucking gun now.
- Drop your weapon!
Get down the fucking
stairs right now!
- Drop your weapon.
- Drop your fucking guns!
- Get back!
- Stand down.
Drop your gun!
Drop it!
Put it on the ground now!
Sheriff.
Are you injured?
Uh, no.
Good, then you
can tell me...
I defused the situation.
I did what I had to do.
You just endangered the lives
of eight innocent people.
Listen,
I'll give you
everything you need,
I promise,
in my report.
Welcome to my world.
Hey.
Alma told me
I'd find you here.
That guy, the cashier,
he just woke up today
and went to work.
He really
had no idea that--
Hey, you are
an excellent cop
and an excellent man.
If there was something
you could have done,
you would have done it.
I'm pregnant.
The police have confirmed
that the two gunmen
were both killed
inside the school,
that the location
is secure,
and that all eight of
the former hostages
are alive and being attended
by medical professionals.
The gunmen were involved
in a botched robbery
at a drugstore
earlier today.
A local police deputy
intervened
and pursued them here
to the high school,
at which point the gunmen
took eight hostages.
So now you want to tell me who
the hell put the cuffs on you?
Long story.
- Sugar.
- Kai.
Sheriff.
I thought
I'd find you here.
Still patching
yourself up, I see.
I'll survive.
You did good work
today, Sheriff.
This town owes you
a real debt.
It seems I'm in
your debt as well.
The DA formally dropped
all charges today.
Apparently the key piece
of evidence disappeared.
Hmm, and a key witness.
This is the first
I've heard about that.
Well, congratulations.
You're a free man.
You know, generally,
Banshee is a pretty quiet town.
But after you arrived,
it's been one thing after another.
It's almost as if you
brought it all with you.
"And behold a pale rider,
and his name that sat
upon him was Death.
And hell followed with him."
Revelations 6:8.
Yeah, I've never had much patience
for people who quote scripture.
This is God's country.
You'd better acquire
the taste for it.
You have
a good night, Sugar.
Sheriff.
You, too, Kai.
Are you ever gonna
tell me that story?
Come on, you and Proctor.
What would we be
without our secrets?
Are you gonna shoot me?
I'm sorry.
I'm so, so sorry.
Shh.
Made them all myself.
Strawberry, pecan,
and this one's called
triple chocolate.
The dark one.
You're not from around here,
I can tell you that much.
Everyone passes through
here at some point.
And I would have
remembered you.
So, that accent,
where are you from?
I'd rather talk about
where I am.
♪ Prison stones,
blood and bones ♪
♪ Every price
that I pay ♪
♪ Need your bills,
so you set your sails ♪
♪ For the sun
to become everything ♪
♪ But the fire,
it burns ♪
♪ And all you learned ♪
♪ Is nothing keeps you away ♪
♪ From the one ♪
♪ That you really love ♪
♪ That you really love. ♪
== sync, corrected by elderman ==